Well, welcome. Good evening, everybody. Thank you for joining me again today.
I appreciate it. We're going to pray. I had to take some time off; I had a rough week.
Between all that and everything, I told Diana, "I need to go inward with the Holy Ghost and find out the vein of what the Lord's wanting me to do with my family and the changes that I believe in 2026."When you're seeking Him, you'll find Him.
If you notice my eye, it's from the stress from this week; a blood vessel busted in my eye.
That's what happened over here. It's just one of those things when I get stressed out.
When you go through the spiritual pressure that I have been under, it has been over the top.
Because of all this, your flesh tries to react to stress. I just go, "Whatever,"you know?
But that's why this eye over here—if you see it—is pretty messed up, but it's healed in Jesus'name.
It doesn't hurt; I don't even feel it. It just looks gross. It'll be gone in a couple of days.
All glory to Jesus. Just stress. Then I warned you about major terrorist attacks coming to Australia.
The Lord warned us that it would be around the Sydney area, and I saw the Opera House.
I saw major attacks coming to Sydney, and the Lord said it would bring greater persecution to Australia in the days ahead, and they will try to crack down harder on the people of Australia.
So we pray for the people's lives. We pray for the families of all the people that were lost during this attack today.
We had the Australian terror attack—16 dead, including a gunman, after a father-son duo opens fire on a Jewish community.
This is very sad, but I believe this is the escalation of the persecution and things that are coming.
I said there will be stuff in Canada and Australia. This is what I even warned you about when I was in the spirit concerning Australia and Sydney.
This was weeks ago. I have the video and will try to play it sometime of what the Lord showed me about mass mass shootings happening by Sydney.
Very accurate. I saw massive mass shootings happening in the Sydney area, right on the water.
I could see it there, and the Lord said, "Pray for this area concerning Australia."Braden hasn't had time yet to get that video up, but I have it on record that the Lord warned us about this, even the area.
So I pray for the people who were lost. Now we still continue to pray for our nation and for mass events in France and Germany, and for a major shaking in the Vatican coming with a new Edward Snowden coming out.
It's right next to that beach, a couple of blocks away from the Opera House.
It pays to be accurate; it pays to not be prophetic static. That's why I say I don't want to be that.
I don't take the glory; it's all glory to God. I stay vertical. But it's interesting, folks.
This is what the Lord's warning us about concerning even Maduro, the guy in Venezuela, and an escalation of him.
All these major events—praying for our nation, praying for Walt Disney World, praying for our elections in 2026.
Oh, thank you. I saw bumblebees coming up by Omar. These black bumblebees started to float up out of there and circle her, and they were stinging her.
They were not little baby bees; they were massive bumblebees coming up out of the earth and they were stinging her head. They were stinging on her head.
I felt a great breakthrough concerning Minnesota, a great breakthrough concerning political release from intercessory prayer.
The Lord said, "This is part of what Living Word and Max's church are doing; they're all interceding for their state and cities for a major revival coming to Minnesota."But when I saw the bumblebees flying around her, I saw her in a panic.
Then I saw Mike Lindell's face, but he was chubbier. His hair was back, but he was smiling.
The Lord said, "Pray for his finances."I saw a cork coming out and the finances were coming against him concerning running for governor, and they would try to attack his finances in the days ahead because I saw a cork coming out of a bottle and the drain was draining down, and he was losing more and more trying to defund him.
The Lord said to pray for him. I felt in my spirit a great major push concerning Minnesota. He saw the three judges.
Pray for the three judges in the Supreme Court, that they would come against Trump in the days ahead, and we needed them to press through for a major breakthrough concerning the decisions ahead.
He even said the number three, and he kept calling tres, cuatro, uno, tres, tres, and he said, "Three, three,"and the Lord kept bringing up the number three.
Now, three judges, and then about February 3rd, praying for this timeframe for a breakthrough. Diana and I have been doing research.
The budget has to pass again before January 31st, and if it doesn't, the government shuts down again.
Why are we praying for the 3rd of February? There's something major about February 3rd and the budget.
We pray ahead of time that we don't go to another government shutdown past the 31st.
Then I saw the dinar. Thank you, Holy Ghost. Bear with me. I saw the Prince of Persia.
I didn't know where Persia was, but the Lord showed me the Prince of Persia was over Iran.
He had a hold of Iraq, grabbing onto the land, but it looked like putty coming through his hands.
He had a stronghold on it. He was in a squatting position, similar to when you're powerlifting.
He had a hold of Iraq so much so that the land could not move. It was like lifting molasses or tar; you're just crawling through.
The Lord kept saying, "It's a breakthrough; you're pulling into Iraq."We're pulling into the currency for the Iraqi dinar.
I saw a number 25, black with yellow around it, on a pink piece of parchment paper similar to the $25,000 note that they have now, but it was a big number 25.
It was huge on this that was black, and I don't know if that's a $25 note or whatever. I don't know. But this is what I was praying into.
But as we were praying into it, the Lord said, 'Breakthrough is coming concerning the economy of Iraq, concerning financial breakthrough concerning Iraq.'And that's why I said, 'I'm not a financial adviser.
Not telling you to do anything. This is just what I was hearing.'And I was hearing breakthrough, breakthrough.
And we are praying into the breakthrough concerning Iraq for their money.
But the prince of Persia had a hold of it because he knew that it was part of the end times.
And we were praying and coming against this as a body, praying for the releasing of that.
But that principality had massive long hair and he looked similar to Lucifer.
I have to say they could be twins. Lucifer doesn't have the muscles that this principality had. His arms were ginormous.
They look like something out of an action figure, like a toy, you know, the old He-Man dolls or whatever.
The plastic arms, you know, they're ripped. His arms were ripped, but he had a breastplate that was like old Roman breastplate garb.
That's the way it looked. It was like bronze, like silver, not bronze. Bronze is brown. It's like a silver tarnished.
Some of it was really like a tarnished glow with a darker color of a nickel and his chestplate like that.
And he had a skirt on that looked like a Roman kilt, like those things with the pointed ends there, and it's like those He-Man would wear.
I don't know how else to describe it, folks; I'm doing my best here.
But he had that kind of a thing on and he had sandals that went up to his knees that were crisscross sandals that were braided like a woven sandal that went clear up there that had open diamond shapes all on this with that was tied up at the top.
That's what his sandals look like. And his feathers, his wings were massive wings that went out.
And some of the feathers in his wings were completely pulling out.
Some of them look loose. Some of them look like they were attached good.
But he had holes all in his wings going clear up the side of his wings.
He had holes. Massive gaping holes in his wings. He wasn't beautiful. It looked tarnished and it looked like he had been beat up.
And so I thought that was interesting as he was grunting and he was pulling as hard as he could against Iraq. In other words, that's the prince of Persia.
Well, I instantaneously thought, well, the prince of Persia is Iraq, but he had a hold of something and that was Iraq.
It looked like putty. He was holding on to it. And I thought, well, why would he be influencing Iraq?
Why would the prince of Persia be influencing Iraq? I don't know.
But he had a hold of it because I heard the Lord say, 'This is the prince of Persia.'He didn't say Babylon, he said Persia.
But then we started seeing about the Iraqi economy. So I thought that was interesting. So go ahead.
Then I saw a massive python that was, I mean this thing, hundreds of miles across, I don't know.
Massive. What would be the distance from the Gulf to Canada? I don't know, a thousand miles?
Massive snake and it was pulling the United States around the middle trying to suffocate it from within.
He had a hold of it and as he was pulling in the middle, all of the states in this vision lifted up and went like this.
You know how when you take a belt on somebody's waist and it will cause wrinkles in their clothes if it's way too tight?
You can see like in cartoons as you pull and restrict something tight, it had ripples like curtains on a wall, like those folds.
That was in on this vision; they were all coming up out of the Gulf, went down and went around and it was pulling tight trying to suffocate America from around the middle like you would constrict around the middle so you can't breathe, like your corset's too tight.
It was pulling and that's what I saw and I thought was very interesting.
As it was pulling this tight, it was gripping a hold and the Lord was telling us, do you remember the vision where I saw Jesus and he was standing above America and there was a great storm in the east?
There was a great storm all around and all from east from the north all the way to the south.
I saw a massive storm all on the coastline and it was a great storm.
I said, 'Lord, what is this?'And he said, 'This isn't the antichrist spirit. This is the antichrist.
This is the end times basically.'And I saw him in the air and he said, 'Who will stand in the gap for America?
Who will intercede for America?'And there was no one. It was echoes. There wasn't a lot.
It was as I heard it, like when you're yelling 'Hello, hello, hello.'It was like that. And you could hear it.
But the Lord was calling forth intercessors to intercede for America to keep the Antichrist agenda at bay.
And as he was saying this, a massive python came up out of the Gulf and wrapped itself around America.
But it hadn't done it fully yet. I could see it. It was moving quickly.
But now in this vision, the snake had wrapped around and was squeezing as we were interceding and praying.
And this is before President Trump became president. This is when Joe Biden was president. I had this vision.
Now I see that same snake, colored the same way, wrapped around our nation squeezing it, constricting it so it can't breathe. And so I see a part here in part but I'm seeing more.
So that's why the Lord said, 'I'll raise up prayers for a million men and women prayer army and in doing so you will change things.
You will change the way politicians do things.'Brandon, by prayer and fasting and by seeking me, you're going to change things by the church warning them of that which is to come.
A storm is coming. And many people are asleep, but they will wake up in 2026.
Trust me, 2026, I keep seeing it, is going to be a dandy of a year.
Political theater, all the things to wake up the body because there's so many people with no urgency.
And he said, 'Brandon, there must be urgency in my body for that which is coming.
There must be an urgency in my church for there's no urgency behind the pulpit.'And 1 Corinthians 5:5 will come full force in 2026, 2027.
A great shaking to awaken is coming for judgment begins in the house of the Lord first.
It will be very much church unusual starting from now on. You can see it and it's happening right now, folks. You can feel it.
I'm telling you, standing and doing what we're doing, I am so thankful for people that pray for me and pray for my family, pray and intercede for us and undergird us in prayer.
We can feel your prayers and I'm so thankful for every single one of you standing with us because it's not easy always standing on this side. So, anything else? You saw Maduro lighting stuff up?
Oh yeah, I saw Maduro lighting that when he, out of desperation because of him being upset about them coming and trying to overthrow his government, they started lighting all the oil rigs and oil refinery things, like pulling the oil on the ground.
They started blowing them up and lighting them on fire. And as they did this, I saw smoke rolling all over the Gulf of the Caribbean.
It was so much black smoke. It looked like something out of a movie. It was toxic black smoke and it was all in the atmosphere.
And the Lord said, 'Remember what they did in Iraq?'Saddam lit all those oil wells on fire.
They did all that great damage when America started to invade the nation of Iraq.
Saddam went in there and just wiped out the area because he did not want them to have all that oil and oil revenue.
I saw Maduro do the exact same thing; he started lighting and making all those rigs go off.
It looked like hundreds of them, maybe even more, throughout that nation burning and on fire, and the sky looked like it was on fire.
It was full of black smoke. It was terrible. Now, will that happen? I do not know.
This is what I see, and in part, I am just letting you know what the Lord showed me.
I was trying to see if I could draw my bride to my side. Come boldly to my throne and ask me this.
Climb. Hold to it. It will come. Now, November comes through great prayer. You must learn your seat of authority.
The Lord said if you do not come up higher and pray for the elections concerning 2026 and the midterms, you have a lot to lose.
America, you must pray now for the elections and the midterms because we have a lot to lose.
If we lose the House and the Senate, there is a lot to lose. There is much work for President Trump to get done before 2028.
I think that is pretty good, 30 minutes. Not too bad. Was that boring?
I am hoping it was not. I brought it out. I did not want to waste time here.
You try to bring everything out and make this where it makes sense.
You know, you do not want to be confusing. I am like, okay, not boring, but it gets confusing, you know.
And then I saw Mossad and the NSA, and then the Lord told me he talked about concerning Mossad and the NSA and what was that about?
I could hear it; that was bad; that was concerning some things coming.
So I said, oh God, I will not touch that one, but that was part of the notes and I remember now. So I am like, okay, here we go.
Move on quickly, until I get more clarity on that because I do not want, like I said, you start talking about things, people get all ticked off and I am like, okay.
Rise up. I wonder what this is. This is a couple of days ago's notes, and because we were talking about Rome and the shaking coming to Rome, right?
And praying over that about all of the trafficking and all the things going on with that.
So there is a lot there. You know, what do you think? Yeah. If you want to keep going again, I know. But did that cover everything? Yeah. Right.
Obviously, details and stuff, like the travail and what you are getting in prayer, but there was much travail concerning this.
This was not just normal prayer; anybody that was here part of that, that was heavy lifting.
You mean struggle, like it was a struggle, and that is what the Lord said; it has been such a struggle.
We were going over the finances concerning Iraq, and when I was travailing for Iraq, the Lord said a great breakthrough is coming concerning the finances of Iraq and the currency.
And then I saw palm trees coming forth. I saw buildings coming forth. I saw financial freedom.
And the Lord said, this will be part of the end time move of bringing Iraq and the Middle East into the spotlight for financial wealth transfer for what is coming for the Antichrist to rise up out of the Middle East, which I thought that was kind of interesting, too.
Other than that, I think that is pretty good. Do you? Yeah. Was there something about anything about X or any kind of, because I remember things you showed me about X, because there is persecution coming to X. Oh, I remember that. Yes.
And you showed me something about that word, because I told, yeah, that was 2023 chart though, but it was saying about how many people were arrested in England, and then like England was shutting down for posts on X.
Yeah. So, people were really persecuted in all these nations for coming against freedom of speech.
It is coming against freedom of speech. But I think that was actually Elon Musk that posted that.
And so I thought that was interesting because that is clear back three years ago.
And here we are. There you go. You found it. Look at that, countries with the most arrests for online comments.
UK is prison. He said this is exactly what the Lord showed us. But he said it will increase and increase.
Do you remember I saw Canada, and I saw the laws being pressed and all the things coming, and he said very great religious persecution is coming to Europe and Canada and Australia.
Now, after today's event, I bet it even doubles in Australia.
Look at this. This is nuts. That is 2023. Where are we at right now? Almost to 2026. Are they able to see it? Yeah. Okay, good.
So, that just shows you where we are, the signs of the times, but that is an old post.
So, all right, let us pray and we will go over and we will just intercede, see what the Lord has for us and go from there.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for your body that was broken for us.
Every single one of us, Father, are so hungry and so desperate for you in this year, 2026, that is coming.
Lord, we have eyes that are looking toward you. And Father, I know in all that we say, and in word and in deed, we give all to the glory of God.
We are not worried about what everybody says. Oh, well this, well that.
Father, we are just keeping on. We are keeping on keeping on with you. And Father, in that I know we will find you.
I know the door will be open for good measure pressed down, shaken together.
You talk to me about money this year, about finances, for pressing in and believing you for more in 2026, to believe for more, for the great wealth transfer, pushing through this time with Iraq and certain cryptocurrencies, believing in him for the abundance that the body of Christ so needs to get the job done.
We are at the end of this. Jesus Christ is coming, and we are at the end of this.
And it is like talking to Billy Burke and asking what is the vision?
What are you believing for? What do we believe for? How many souls can we reach in 2026?
How many lives can be changed? There is so much. How can we be more effective with our time?
Reaching the lost. What is the creative idea to bring in the harvest of souls? Because God has it.
And there are so many of you out there that have amazing ideas to bring in the lost.
The main thing that Jesus cares about, the only thing that Jesus cares about, is the harvest of souls.
How many people can we snatch out of the kingdom of darkness for him? Creative ideas to bring them in untraditional.
You know, like we always, it is like tradition, we always do it this way.
You know, the body of Christ has always done it this way, this is the way we will always do it.
But what can we do to bring in the harvest? There are so many people that do not realize the AI race that we are about to face.
There are so many people that do not realize how much this is going to be a distraction and try to blind the people in the days ahead.
We must become bigger and better. But the only thing that is ever going to really bring the people in is the anointing.
I told D, I said, it is not electronics. It is not the cool lights at the church with the skinny jeans and the fog machines.
We have seen it. We have done it. We have experienced it. It was great in the early 2000s.
Everybody was doing it. Got to have the lights, the smoke, the fun show, cool music.
Let us sound like Coldplay. I mean, seriously. But we have to come up higher in our thinking and our capacity of believing.
How do we bring it? And I told you, the only thing that I see this like is the anointing.
And the only thing that I saw that brought them in in the old days was the power of God: creative miracles, signs and wonders, raising the dead.
If you raise somebody from the dead nowadays, you're going to have Fox, CNN, ABC, CBS, NBC—all of them. They're all going to be over there. "Is this fake?
Is this AI?"But when you experience the tangible presence of God, there's no one that can take that away.
There's no AI that can produce that. Only the Holy Spirit; He comes to set the captives free.
And I truly believe with all my heart that what we're about to experience in 2026, 2027, 2028—these years—is a great shaking to awaken.
Fearful sights you will see to bring you to your knee, an awakening unto God we will see.
But He said, "I'm cleaning up my church first."There's so much compromise.
There's so much for the gold, the glory, and the girls—so much corruption in the church.
And He said, "Brandon, I'm bringing you to my side. I'm bringing the bride to my side.
It's time for an awakening unto God."Ladies and gentlemen, it's time to put God first.
It's time to sell out to Jesus. We're running out of time like never before.
As we close out this year in 2025—we have 15 days left or so—what will you do for Him in 2026 and the rest of this year? You have just a little time left.
If this was our last Christmas, if this was our last time on the earth, what would you do with this time that you're around your family, warning them?
Maybe this would be the last time you see your uncle. Maybe this would be the last time you see them before Jesus Christ comes back.
We don't know. It could be next fall, could be in the spring. I don't know.
Most people say it's during the Feast of Trumpets. But I want to tell you: it's time to get radical for Jesus.
And I saw the shaking to awaken coming to most people. I saw finances stripping away from people.
I saw even people that I love—I saw a great shifting coming to their finances to the point where they would look like they were Job.
And the Lord told me, "Brandon, it's waking people up. I'm waking people up."They feel they're awake, but they're not awake.
They feel they're right with me, but they're not right with me.
I will hide you in the cleft of the rock, remnant, for what's coming. And a great shaking is coming.
Most people don't see it, but it will be on a lot of different levels.
And He even talked to me about the seven deadly sins. Thank you.
See, even Brandon, because I don't follow it, but the Lord was bringing that stuff up to me, telling me it's the pride.
Pride, gluttony, greed, lust, slothfulness, wrath, and envy. Envy was part of this pillar, and I saw it fork out.
One was up here taller, but every single one of them was on what looked like a Greek column.
It had it written at the top of it. And for every single one of them, the devil was the accuser of the brethren.
And he was up petitioning the Father concerning every single one of these things concerning 2026.
And he was pointing to each one of these pillars in each one of our lives. And either you were under the blood or you're in trouble.
But even in the abundance of sin, where sin abounds, grace does much more abound.
There was a time where you had open doors. I saw people kept living in these open doors.
They kept living this way. And that's the Lord even talking to me about my way. I'm telling you all, I see these things.
The Lord talks to me, and there's open inroads for the enemy to try to attack you.
People just open the door and the devil will take a mile and they say, "Well, that's okay.
It's under the blood."Staying underneath this covenant, staying there.
"Father, I thank you, Lord, that I'm free. I'm under the blood.
I know I'm under grace."But you keep opening the door to things.
And that was the seven deadly sins going into 2026 and coming up and keeping your heart right before the Father.
I saw the pillars, but as Satan was the accuser of the brethren, he was going up and petitioning for every single one of them.
And there were things that the body of Christ is like, "Oh, it's not that big a deal,"like obesity.
It's not that big a deal. But if you go through the Bible, how many scriptures does the Father say and talk about obesity?
How much does He talk about pride? He resists the proud. Diana and I, we're going through all the proud scriptures.
We're just stripping ourselves. "How do you come up higher with a fire? Father, search me and know me. Create in me a clean heart.
Strip all this stuff off of me."Whatever keeps me from walking in the greater glory, "Create in me a clean heart."And I know I'm only able to go there by the blood of the Lamb.
I get that. But there's things that I need to change. He's the potter, I'm the clay.
And I see what He's talking about: pride, greed, gluttony, slothfulness.
You're just lazy; you don't want to work. Slothfulness. Pride, gluttony, greed, lust, slothfulness, wrath.
Lusting after other women, other men's wives, lusting after women, lusting after husbands, lusting after a lot of things.
It's not just about sex; it's that lusting after people's stuff. Just making sure in 2026 you clean yourself.
And I'm telling you, the plague was based off of gluttony and greed.
And as I saw the enemy coming out and I saw him creating a battle plan concerning the plague that's coming, they were interlacing it with AI and obesity medicines and things, and people get freaked out about that.
I saw them doing this and I saw the enemy trying to come in with these pillars, and he was petitioning.
How could he get it through this? What does God hate? A prideful look, a hand that sheds innocent blood.
These things I hate. I know it's scripture; I don't have it written down right now.
I'm sorry. But the things that the Lord detests and despises, I don't want to be a part of it.
Gossip, slander—keeping yourself on that potter's wheel and keeping yourself close.
Staying on and being a part of the vine. Proverbs says these things the Lord hates.
Maybe you can see it in the comment section. He's looking it up.
The most famous Bible verse: "Six things the Lord hates, seven that are detestable: haughty eyes, a lying tongue, hands that shed innocent blood, a heart that devises wicked schemes, feet that are quick to run into evil, a false witness who pours out lies, and a person who stirs up conflict in the community—a troublemaker sowing discord."Okay?
And so, going over every single one of those and just really examining your heart.
I'm just trying to help you all with things that I'm working on, making sure you're keeping yourself clean so that you walk in this greater glory.
I know what the Lord showed me about 1 Corinthians 5:5. And He keeps bringing up to me about bringing the bride to His side, bringing you up higher, a cleansing of things.
And I know that's not an easy word to hear. So when I hear those things, I go, 'Man, that's rough.'I was taking communion, but I keep getting sidetracked.
I'm just telling you where I'm at and where the Lord is showing us.
Just because I'm telling you all I know what he's told me about the finances and I know what he's told me about the 1%, there's so many people that believe they're going to walk in that and they're not.
Their heart's not right. I want to be a part of what God can use.
I want to say, 'Hey, you're able to be used because you're broken,'versus, 'You know what?
You've got too much of self in the way.'Father, I thank you, Lord, for the body.
We just lift it up for you. We take this in the name of Jesus and we lift it up before you.
We thank you, Lord, that you said in your word, 'By your stripes, we're healed.'I receive my healing.
I receive my healing concerning my eye. I receive the healing concerning my flesh.
And I thank you, Lord, that no weapon formed against me will prosper.
Every tongue that rises against me, Father, we condemn it. We apply the blood of Jesus in the name of Jesus over us.
And we thank you, Lord, that the Greater One lives on the inside of us. That as he is, so are we in this world.
And we plead the blood of Jesus all around us tonight, all around our families, all around our hearts, all around our minds, all around our emotions, all around us, Father, that we are covered, filled with, and controlled by the Holy Ghost.
We take this body in the name of Jesus and we lift it up before you, Father, and you've been so good to us.
And we give you praise and glory for it in Jesus'name. Amen and amen.
Lord, we take the blood. We thank you, Father, for the blood.
We thank you, Lord; where sin abounds, grace does much more abound.
There are so many people on here tonight. We cover our sin in the blood tonight, Father. We thank you, Lord.
We confess our sins, and you said you'd be faithful and just to forgive us of our sins and cleanse us from all unrighteousness.
And I take this blood right now in the mighty name of Jesus. And I thank you, Father, for the blood.
We make much of the blood and the blood makes much of us in the name of Jesus. Amen and amen.
Everybody say, 'Amen.'All right, I'm going to go get my prayer partner and she can sit in here.
Hold that camera. I'll be right back. We are baking. Me and Paisley.
Well, Paisley did the baking; I didn't do anything, I just supervised.
But this is what it looks like. Is that hot and fresh? Yes. Oh, you've got to get that away from me.
Can they see it? Yeah. That's too hot; I don't even touch it. That's what it looks like.
Well, you did great. Can you just help me pray? Yes. That smells good.
Oh, Paisley, I sure love you. I love you too, Daddy. She knows that's my weakness.
I told her to give those brownies away. Father, I thank you, Lord.
I pray over her. Father, I thank you, Lord, for this time. Who wants to go tubing?
I'm sure you all do. You're here, so let's go. I haven't done it in a while, so I feel rested more than the last two days.
It was rough. Oh, Father, we thank you, Lord, for your blood.
What can wash away my sin? Nothing but the blood of Jesus. What can make me whole again?
Nothing but the blood of Jesus. Oh, precious is the flow that makes me white as snow.
No other fountain I know, nothing but the blood of Jesus. What can wash away my sin?
Yeah, I said it right. Nothing but the blood of Jesus. What can make me whole again?
What are you doing, baby? You're fine. I just need you to pull with me.
I'm praying. I don't know where you want me. You're fine right there.
I know you didn't want to come on. I get it. But the Lord said to pray.
Hush. You're good, love. I know you. Okay, we're going to get him in 2026.
We're going to move this thing. I'm here. Ready? Hold my hand.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for the blood. Thank you, Father, for your grace and for your mercy.
See, now that's an interesting thing. We run to that eye. We run.
We run. I wait for him to lead, but I can feel that vein of prayer.
And I saw a massive eye. And when I went up to that right there, I saw a massive face.
And I was on a path. There was a path that was winding. And the face was set before me, but all I saw was the eye.
And I believe that was the Father right then. Like you could see an eye.
It was a massive eye looking. And they're watching you as you're on this path.
And I could see the path that was winding and it was a beautiful white road, and all on the sides there was no way.
It was just straight down on both sides, but the path was elevated and it was going straight to the eye.
And I don't know what that means, but that's what I was seeing right then.
And instantaneously I feel—I'd say I'm trying to correct anything I've done.
I'm not trying to pick at anybody. Instantaneously, I see the Holy Ghost.
I say, 'Oh, forgive me Lord. If I have done anything wrong to anybody, forgive me.
My heart is always to remain pure before the Father.'And the word of the Lord came to us and said, 'Not everybody is going to like you, but they'll like your fruit, the fruit of your ministry.'But my personality type is very hard to deal with a lot.
I'm very, very strong in what I believe and what I think because I follow with the Holy Ghost, and when he guides and tells you things, it's not always a popular opinion.
And I think that that makes my personality type probably even with family.
I'm pretty rigid. Not with you, but I'm talking about with the ones on the outer. You're passionate in what you believe, with the Lord.
But I'm very strong and it probably rubs even pastoral people wrong because of who I am, and I'm not changing because it got me where I'm at with the Holy Ghost.
He comes and talks to me. But I think sometimes I come across gruff and I go, 'Well, you know what?
God will use what he is why he comes and visits, I guess,'because I don't bend and I don't burn.
I will say what he tells me to say and there's no compromise in it.
And I've stood in front of people and he says, 'Sit on the back row.
Do what I tell you to do.'I do exactly what I'm instructed to do everywhere I go.
And I say, 'This is what he told me to do.'And he goes, 'These are assignments.'And it happens every single time I go to these places.
This is what I do all the time. It's very interesting. But I've always been obedient.
Now your season's done. Your season's this, your season that, and I go exactly what he asked me to do.
And that's that path I just saw. I saw myself walking on that path. I saw it, but I saw I was walking to an eye.
And the eye kind of freaked me out right then, and that's why I paused and I said I got to pray over this massive face.
I could see the cheekbone, I could see it, and it was looking.
It was halfway like this and it was looking right at me, and I was walking toward the path.
Father, I thank you, Lord. Open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Open the eyes of my heart.
I want to see you. I want to see you. Open the eyes of my heart, Lord.
Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you. To see you high and lifted up, shining in the light of your glory.
Pour out your power and love as we sing, 'Holy, holy, holy.'High and lifted up, shining in the light of your glory.
Pour out your power and love as we sing, 'Holy, holy, holy.'I want to see you.
I want to see you. Oh Father, we worship you. How small we are, how small we are compared to how big you are.
How small we truly are on that path. How big you truly are, Father.
For you are great. Your eye is great. Father, this is such a winding road.
Every one of us is on this path. Every one of us is on the path where we seek you.
Every one of us is seeking your eyes. We're seeking your face.
We're seeking you, and your eyes are on us. For his eye is on the sparrow, and I know he watches over me.
I believe this. Let not your heart be troubled. Why should the shadow fall?
I'm resting on your goodness and Jesus is my portion. My constant friend is he, for his eye is on the sparrow. And I know that he watches over me.
And I sing because I'm happy and I sing because I'm free, for his eye is on the sparrow and I know he watches over me.
Thank you, Father, that you are watching over us, for that eye is on the sparrow.
And I sing because I'm happy and I sing because I'm free. Oh, his eye is on the sparrow and I know he watches over me.
Thank you, Lord, for the eye. His eye is watching over us as he's on that path.
That's the song that came to me. I just thank him for the eye. Even as hard as weeks go, his eye is on the sparrow.
His eye is watching over me. I don't know all the words to it, but Father, I thank you, Lord, for your hand on us.
Oh Father, we worship you. Let not your heart be troubled because Jesus is my portion; my constant friend is he. Thank you that you're my portion.
Because we walk through that garden alone, my Father, when the dew is still on the roses, and he walks with me and he talks with me and he tells me I am his own.
And the joy we'll share as we tarry there, none other has ever known.
We worship you, Father. We get the vein of where you want us to pray today.
And we're not in a hurry. I have nowhere else to be. I follow after you, Father. I thank you, Lord, that I find you and you find me.
We're in the midst of that garden alone where the dew is still on the roses, Father. Oh Father, we thank you.
And the voice I hear as we tarry there, I worship you, for you are good and your mercy endures forever.
I wait for that. Oh Father, we worship you. Blessed are you, Father.
Great is thy faithfulness. Morning by morning, new mercies I see.
All I have needed, thy hands have provided. Great is thy faithfulness, Lord, unto me.
Thank you, Lord, for your faithfulness to us. All I have needed, thy hands have provided.
Morning by morning, new mercies I see. I thank you, Father, that you've been so faithful to us.
I thank you that you've been faithful this year to us as we close out 2025 soon.
You have been so good to us, Master. We have air in our lungs. We have our hearts beating.
We have all that you have given us, Father. And we're so grateful for every person here.
We're grateful, Father, for all that you've done to draw us near.
We're so grateful for your coming on this earth. We're so grateful for your birth.
Thank you, Father, that you came here as a beautiful Savior for the world.
Great is thy faithfulness, morning by morning. Thank you, Lord.
O holy night, the stars are brightly shining. It is the night of our dear Savior's birth.
Long lay the world in sin and error pining till he appeared and the soul felt its worth.
A thrill of hope, the weary world rejoices, for yonder breaks a new and glorious morn.
Fall on your knees! Oh, hear the angel voices! Oh night divine, oh night when Christ was born.
I don't know all the words. You did it. But it's beautiful. I love it. It's for him anyway. It's not for them. I feel him.
So many people, when you have an auditorium of almost 7,000 people watching you, but I lose myself in him and you're just a part of it.
I honest to goodness could care less if you're here. I seek him. I get the words because I want him. I want it to please him.
I know that he loves a cheerful noise; he inhabits the praises of his people. But when you seek him, you'll find him.
And when his presence fills my house the way it does when I sing to him, there's nothing that compares to it.
It changes things so that even people, when they come over, they don't want to leave. They don't even know why they're wanting to stay.
But it's him, and I want him to always be welcome here, that I always provide an atmosphere in my home of worship.
Now Paisley's on the kick; she puts Brother Hagin on all the time.
She says she's taking notes. She goes up in her room and she writes notes all the time.
'This is what Brother Hagin said today.'At 10 years old, I'm so proud of you.
'This is what Brother Hagin said today, Daddy.'The thrill of hope, the weary world rejoices for yonder breaks a new and glorious morning.
Fall on your knees! Oh, hear the angel voices! Oh night divine, oh night when Christ was born.
Oh Father, I think the atmosphere is good now. It's like I have to feel the thermostat to get in that prayer zone.
And I wait. Oh Father, what's on your heart today? A thrill of hope.
You're my thrill of hope. The weary world, Lord, it rejoices. There are so many weary, Father.
There are so many people that are down and out and downtrodden. They're so upset. Their finances are bad.
They tell us, 'Oh, we're having a hard time.'They say, 'My job is so bad. My wife is bad.
My husband's bad.'But Father, I know that if they could just have that one moment with you, they could get that fresh touch from the Master's hand.
So many people search for drugs, sex, or money; they're looking in all the wrong places and all they have to do is go vertical and they find you.
All this other stuff—popularity, fame, fortune—it's so pathetic.
Only Jesus. You fill our cup, Lord, we lift it up. Lord, come and quench this thirsting of our soul.
Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more. Fill my cup, fill it up and make me whole.
Father, I thank you that you make us whole. Oh Lord, we worship you.
You are welcome in this place. Holy Spirit, you are welcome here in this place.
Omnipotent Father of mercy and grace, thou art welcome in this place. Holy Spirit, you are welcome in this place.
Omnipotent Father of mercy and grace, thou art welcome in this place.
For in your presence there's healing divine. No other power can heal, Lord, but thine, Holy Spirit.
You know, if it were on a soft key, that's the temperament right now.
You feel that? It's that still small voice. It's not loud. Especially the mood for tonight; I can feel it.
It's down here, in the lower octave. It's a very small, lower key.
This is what I hear: there are so many of you that are like on a racetrack. You're going as fast as you can with life.
I see you're in one of those Formula 1 race cars—those very fast race cars—and you're on that track pushing as hard as you can.
But God's not on that track. God's not in all the static. He's in that still, small octave that I'm talking about, on the lower keys.
It's at a slow pace. This is where you find Him. Now, sometimes prayer is that way.
Sometimes prayer is high-paced and it seems like you're being pulled in a river really quickly.
But there are times He's just wanting you to get off the road.
You're not on the highway; just go the back roads. Go the back roads where you can't go real fast.
He just wants you to look at the scenery. It's prayer; He wants you to look at the scenery.
It's like looking at the mountain scenery as you're driving by.
But on those roads, you're going forty-five miles an hour—just kind of slow.
It's not eighty; you're not seventy-five; you're not speeding through on a turnpike.
You're just taking it slow, looking at the back roads, the deer, the flowers, and the trees.
He's in that. Everything is so fast-paced. Shop, shop, shop.
We've got to go do this. Oh, Christmas program! We've got to go do this.
Oh, church thing! We've got to go. Oh, you know what? The bills are all due.
We've got to pay the bills. Everything is so fast. He's in the still, small voice.
'Be still and know that I am God.'That's where He is. He's in that still, small place.
Get off the road and just have a drink, get the fresh water, and say, 'Father, I need help.'We're so busy.
So much ministry. 'Well, this person, this person... oh, we've got to go.'It's so fast.
But He's back here waiting because we could be fifty miles ahead of Him, and He's back here in the slow lane saying, 'I'm not in a rush for anything.'But we're fifty miles ahead because we're going seventy, because we have so much going, because our life is going so fast.
Our kids are growing up all around us. Oh, a promotion at work.
We got the big promotion last year. We were so excited about it.
We got a ten-thousand-dollar-a-year raise, but now it's not enough.
Maybe it was twenty thousand. It's not enough. This year we've spent it.
We're at max capacity, and we're so used to what He blessed us with from the raise we got last year that it's still not enough because we've enlarged our tent now and we gobble up the raise, right?
And everything is always such a high pace, always so fast, always looking for the next thing.
But He's back on the side road just looking for a friend. Will you just take the back road today?
There's no hurry. Because when you seek Me, when you sing the songs to Me, you'll find Me.
When you're not so focused on, 'I've got all these things, I've got all these needs, I've got Christmas presents, I need the Lord...
here's my Santa list for you.'2026? Here's my Santa list. I'm making a list, checking it twice, looking at all the things that I want that are not even nice.
You know, so much going on in life. But He's back off the road saying, 'Will you just take your time and look at the scenery? Look at all that I've created for you.
All the things that you need—all the Christmas presents that you think you want—will be in the trash can in just a couple of weeks or months.
None of it matters.'He's back off the road. Just look at the roses.
Look at what I've provided for you that is perfect for you. Look at the trees, the flowers, the birds. Look at all that I've done for you.
Even in the spring, as the daffodils, the tulips, and the beautiful things come up—the blooms, the cherry blossoms, and the dogwoods.
Just take the time to smell the roses. 'I come to the garden alone while the dew is still on the roses.
He walks with me and He talks with me.'He's not in this modern society of AI and all this trash that they try to push on us.
He is the still, small voice. You have so much clutter. That's why you don't hear Him.
This phone is so much clutter. Facebook, X, Twitter—all these things.
It's always a download. That's why I get quiet and sing. Everybody's so busy, but He's in the visions and He'll show it to you.
But sometimes you're just like, 'I feel Him.'What are you in a hurry for?
'Well, I've got to get this, there's a crowd here.'But you've got to teach them how to hear Me off the road.
It's not high-paced; it's not pushing; it's not forceful. It's a dance.
He is the leader of the dance. He is the leader of my orchestra.
But the still, small chime is something so beautiful that makes the music awesome.
Every one of us provides that peace. And that's what He says: 'I'm not on the highway tonight.
I'm waiting on you at the well.'He's waiting on you at the well.
So much fast like I'm saying, but He's waiting at the well. Will you meet Me there?
I hear the Master calling, 'Come and dine.'He turned the water into wine.
Can you hear the Master calling? 'Come and dine. Come and dine.
The Master calls: Come and dine.'He turned the water into wine.
Do you feel that flow? You feel that He's there. It takes spiritual maturity.
You have to be able to recognize where He's at because in my heart I want to just charge ahead.
Let's go! But He's like, 'I'm back here. Why did you hurry?'And I go, 'Okay, You're not there.
Where is it? I want to follow.'Where You lead, I will follow. Father, we just worship You.
We get quiet before You so we don't get off on the wrong road in 2026.
There are so many people that will need to turn around in a new direction for 2025.
You've been going down the wrong road and we get quiet. In that stillness, I thank You, Father.
We will follow You. My soul longeth after You, Father. You know what we need in 2026 before we even know it.
We think we need things; we don't even know we need Him. But in Him, if we find Him, we will find everything we need.
Blessed are You, Father. Speak to each individual here right now.
Whatever they're asking You for, Father, in that still, small voice, speak to all of that and calm their fears, calm the worry, calm all the torment.
Father, we cast our care on You and we take our care out of our prayer, and we put our thoughts on You because Your ways are higher than our ways; Your thoughts are greater than our thoughts.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that today we take our care out of our prayer and we lay it at Your feet. All the people and all the things they think they need.
'Oh God, the doctor gave me this report and I've got to get to the doctor, they gave me this diagnosis.'If this could be your last Christmas on this earth according to what the doctor said—I see one person in particular.
You've just got a bad report concerning your heart and all the care of it.
It's just about to eat you up. What about the people that I would leave?
Listen, this is so cool. What about the people that I would leave?
You're concerned about this individual, but I see these beautiful flowers on a weeping willow.
I see a stream and these beautiful flowers. Weeping willows don't even have these; they're like pink blossoms like on a cherry tree.
You know, like those cherry blossom festivals. They're like the red-pink blossoms, but it's on a weeping willow.
It's beautiful. The willow is coming down, and I see the stream there.
That's where this person needs to go to meet Him. Not physically, but it's inside. I see it; it's a place of peace.
The main thing the Lord even said to me when I was having a hard time, He said, "I've got this."He always says, "I've got this.
I'm at the place of peace."At that place, He says, "I've got this. I've got your finances.
I've got your loved ones, even the ones that are in the back field in the very back.
I leave the ninety-nine to go after the one."What about the divorce?
The ice is breaking. I see the ice breaking. It's a thin layer of ice and the ice is breaking.
What about the divorce? I see you're going to the bottle, and it's been trying to be a comfort to you.
You think, "I just drink a little bit here and a little bit there."It started out with a little wine, but now it's getting harder.
You're going to the harder things, but the devil's getting a stronghold on you. Turn from it quickly.
It was just a little wine here and there, and then it built up into the harder things.
You say, "It's just a little bit,"because you're just opening the door a little bit.
"I only have a little bit, just enough to knock the edge off."But I see a bad road ahead.
You have the harder stuff now, drinking an ounce of it, but I see flashing lights at the end of this road.
They're flashing red, it's dark outside, and you're at a party.
You're going to make a wrong choice that will derail your life forever.
It's cold outside, and you're driving home at night after having too much. You're about to take a really wrong turn with your life.
It started with a couple of ounces in a glass, just to help you get through your day.
Now it's harder because that doesn't get enough for you anymore; your body's built a tolerance.
I see it's darker in your glass, and as you drink it, you go to the next level.
The body wants more. I see the flashing lights ahead very clearly. You're coming home in the dark.
I hear by the Spirit of God—and you know who you are—that a bad thing is about to take place that will derail your life forever.
I see a state trooper with his hat on. He has a big blue jacket on, and it's cold outside; steam is coming from his mouth as he talks to you.
He's a white man. It's very clear what's happened, and it's going to ruin your life forever.
Don't go down this road. This is a very stern warning. God has more for you.
You're saying, "But I'm hurting so bad; there's so much pressure."Come unto me all ye that are heavy laden, and I'll give you rest—rest that a bottle won't give you.
Press into me for all I have for you. You think, "I can't go out with my friends anymore; they'll think I'm too good for them."No, the Lord's called you to go higher.
You be a witness to them. You might think you're a loser, but it's a separation from the old way of thinking and the people you're hanging around.
Separate. Come unto Him. 2025 is over; 2026 is the time to do something different. Don't even wait. This is very serious.
You need to stop this and say, "God has more for me in store."Great is the reward for you.
The devil knows God has put a mark on you and he's trying to get you off of it.
He comes with this poo package, a small and pretty bow, and you accepted it thinking it wasn't too bad.
Don't take the poo package. Say, "I don't want this in my life anymore.
I'm not even going to do it socially to relax with my wife or my husband."You're opening the door to harder things.
I saw a big cup, and then the driving, and then it's bad. You say, "I'm not drunk, I'm just buzzed or a little tipsy."But you don't realize how much you've had.
The devil's coming to kill, steal, and destroy everything you've ever had.
By the Spirit of God, you need to get off this road as quickly as possible.
This warning is so serious. I'm in New York again; I see the Empire State Building.
Message for me. Listen to this. They're going to take a wrong turn. It's the valley of decision.
The decision mounts and the decisions that will be stirred up even in Australia from today.
This is a decision-making day. Watch it spiral. This is multilateral, and it's the same. He said he can't take it anymore.
Now, I see a great cracking down even greater in Australia—a cracking down of liberty and privacy overall.
They'll use this as leverage from a black swan event. It's about Social ID.
They are bringing forth Social ID in a greater way in Australia.
It's like the NSA of Australia, recognizing faces on social media, losing your privacy.
They’ll say, "They slipped through the cracks. We must bring in more security for your freedom and protection.
Don't you want this?"For there's another event about to take place on top of this.
There's another event coming, and all that it is designed to do is strip you of your freedom to see or look in.
They're already looking, but they'll make it more public. This concerns Canada.
Watch Toronto; look at the doors that will close in Toronto for Mark Carney.
This will start in Toronto—an event in Toronto, a shaking in Toronto.
It's bringing in the same system: Australia, England, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, and it will go into Ireland.
A social credit score. On the cameras on the posts, they will bring in what China does and bring it into these other areas.
People will cry out, but they'll have event after event to pull away the freedoms. 2026 will be the year of events.
America and all these areas—an event to bring instability to bring in social credit and digital ID.
They will say, 'It's the way we have to go today; this is just for your safety.'It will concern controlling the banking system through CBDCs so that you don't have access to cash, because cash is trash.
Remember, it's a new digital age, a new digital frontier. Bank of America, Chase Bank, BlackRock—a decay of the system and a decay of the foundation.
I see it weak at the foundation of this pillar; it's all rusted and rotted, and the steel is about to crumble and fall.
In England, I see the King again as a scorpion, and they'll try to influence it even in South Korea and Japan.
Japan's economy's in trouble, greater trouble than you understand.
A shifting is coming. You will see in 2026 and 2027, introducing these things.
This is all part of the beast system. Crypto—ride the wave. Laws will be passed for a new digital age. Some people will push it away, and some will embrace it.
They'll hold it at bay, but then a mechanism is coming, an event that all will come to; they'll have to embrace it.
For the virus will be on the currency. You can't touch it; we don't want it in our bank. It's all going to be digital.
When the virus is on the ground, on the currency, you can't touch it because it's not sanitary.
The Lord says it's coming; you must get ready. The beast system will flourish. Out with the old, in with the new.
This will be a highlight in the newspapers in New York and Washington: 'Out with the old, in with the new—a new digital age.'The banks will embrace it.
They'll say it's a great idea to help stop trafficking and drug smuggling; it has to be regulated.
There will be great resistance, but they'll bring an event.
This will concern taxes too—monitoring you all over the world.
It's a social thing that will begin in Europe, Australia, and Canada, because they've already got the people in line.
It will start to roll out. Watch the Olympics. I see a massive demon, that dragon again with his arms wrapped out over the Olympics.
It looks like a purple-black winged dragon. I see CERN, and it's turned toward the West, looking toward America.
Pray for the storm—a great war storm. I see war in Africa trying to brew up, attached to the Middle East.
A war is brewing in Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Sudan, and Israel. A regrouping you will see.
Watch the Syrian, and this is concerning Turkey. Hold fast, Church.
There will be great earthquakes in India. It will shake this nation and bring it to its knees.
There are so many dead. The volcanoes are going, the ground is split wide open, and there are great multitudes.
Whoa. I hear him say, "Whoa."I hear them say, "Whoa."Hold fast.
Church, hold fast. Rome, Rome, and it will shake. Nepal and it will shake.
It's about the window. There's a window. He's calling out for the souls in this window.
He's calling out for the souls, and the temples will be shaken. Don't lose your focus.
As you see these things approaching, don't lose your focus on the things you see approaching.
Keep your eyes on me. Keep your face toward me. Keep your eyes toward me.
You must come to me every morning and know me. Come to me all day.
You must stay put. Help him. He said, "Help him."He's telling us, "You must come to him.
You must teach them to come to me."Hold fast, and you will see many souls.
Pray, and there will be great shakings within the nation. There will be great shaking within your own nation.
Great earthquakes. I see New Madrid. I see a great earthquake.
And it will shake. It will be a sign on the New Madrid. A major sign is coming.
I see it all on this side. I see Missouri, Kentucky, and Tennessee.
It's like an 8.4 magnitude. I see an 8.4. Write that down. Remember that.
Madrid. A shaking to awaken. I'm bringing the people back to the heartland.
It's a shaking in the heart. This right here shows the South.
A revival is coming. You'll feel it clearly here. It's a big one.
He's going to wake it and he's going to shake it. There are going to be many coming.
I see California, and I see drought, and there will be rains. I see the drought; this is weather warfare.
He keeps talking about weather manipulation and weather warfare.
It's coming on a greater level. To control is to lose control.
Remember I told you that: to control is to lose control. You play with something and you'll be dead.
You played with something, and it will get to control and you lose control and you'll be dead.
I see great floods all at once in Thailand and in these areas. These are mega floods.
This is an area where they're manipulating the world weather.
Thailand and China, get ready. Get ready, son. They're coming in quick.
People are coming in quick. They'll be looking at the great awakening. There's quaking in the ground.
I warned you about Japan: a great earthquake in Japan that will split the land.
There will be earthquakes in the ocean that will spring forth out of nowhere.
Volcanoes erupting in the ocean and many dead fish. You'll remember it because it will be on the news and social media.
You'll hear it from me first. The Lord is drawing you close. You must come close.
Walk by my side to hear what's coming. You must hear for yourself what's coming.
You don't need another word from them; you need a word from me.
Hurry, come to me. I'll show you the things to come. Come to me each day.
You've got to find me for yourself. I'm not hiding my hand from you.
I want you to come up higher, and I'll walk with you and show you the things to come.
It's time for you to walk with my fire. I've provided all that you need.
You don't need another Moses today. You need to walk by my side.
It's time for you to come up high for the great shaking all around you.
This is by design, not to lose your focus. Don't lose your focus.
Listen close to the still, small voice. You're going to know me.
You'll see all the shaking to awaken. 2026 will be a year of great shaking.
2027, shake, shake, shake. Even in 2028, change. I told you an acceleration from the 23rd would be the point of no return.
Now it will accelerate. The labor pains accelerate, and you'll see it all around.
There are five pillars of shaking that will make you come alive: a shaking in the heavens, a shaking in the earth, a shaking in politics, a shaking in the church, and a shaking in your finances.
Listen and ride the wave. Row your boat. Glory to God. Hold fast, Church.
Hold fast, Church. We're almost done. Hold fast, Church. It will be hard for some.
Hold fast, church. It will be hard for some. Many will die. He said, 'Hold fast, church.'He said many will die.
It will feel like you're in a microwave. It's quick; a great shaking is coming, and it's there to save your soul. You understand?
The spirit is to save you, mending us all, and he said, 'Shaking the ministries.'The things—the way you used to do them—will be no more.
You'll have to think of new ways to do things for what's in store.
The way you used to do ministry will be no more. You'll have to think of new ways for what's in store.
By my spirit, be led by my spirit. And I will catch many fish. We'll catch many fish.
Be led by my spirit. It's the anointing. Creative ways with the anointing.
There are hard days coming for many. So you'd better hold my hand.
You have to hold my hand, and you must remain sober for all that you see.
He keeps saying to save the soul, to save it, to save you—spirit, soul, and body.
Praise the Lord. He's talking about the globe as a whole. You know, he's talking about all of us; it's not just about one place.
War, more war. Because of all this, the time is running out. Oh, Father, we love you and we're here.
We'll pray. Thank you, Lord. Praise the Lord. Father, is there anything else you want for us today?
I'll pray. Hallelujah. Oh, love, I saw so much tonight. It was coming to me so fast.
I see so many people going home—war, earthquakes, and all kinds of major things.
But I saw if you go by his side, you'll be okay. No weapon formed against you will prosper, church.
Hold fast, church. What does it mean to hold fast, love? It means to hold fast to him.
With all this stuff going on, hold fast to him. All this—that means 'come up higher', right?
I don't know what that means; you'll have to Google it. But hold fast.
He kept saying it when you're seeing all this stuff going on.
He said, 'You're going to have to hold fast to me.'And he said, 'You don't need another Moses.'There are so many people looking for a Moses.
Come to me. I provided it for you to have it by yourself. There are so many people that think they need a prophetic person to tell them what to do.
Hold fast. He said, 'You don't need another Moses.'He was very stern about that.
His voice tone was very stern. He's frustrated with that. You're coming to them—all these people.
He said, 'I provided it for you. You could have a relationship with me.
Walk by my side. Hold my hand.'There are so many people that are looking man to man.
Look to Jesus. You don't need me. You don't need these people.
You need Jesus. Follow him yourself. That's what he's saying. You don't need another Moses.
You don't need another prophetic voice telling you what to do.
You need to come up higher with the fire. Come up higher to Jesus.
You hear him yourself. Get in this book, this beautiful Bible.
Read it, and it'll become real to you. But he'll become real to you.
You need to find Jesus for yourself. That's what he's saying. He was very stern about that. You don't need another Moses.
It means to remain tightly secure, to remain firmly attached, to keep a strong grip on, to remain steadfast or loyal, to not give up or let go.
Hold fast to him. Don't let go of him. Hard days are coming. Birthing pain is accelerating.
Hold fast to our Father. Hold fast to him. Look to him for what's coming.
You said, 'Well, that doesn't sound too good.'Well, it didn't sound too good to me either, but he said, 'Hold fast to him.'All this other will work itself out.
Look to Jesus. He is all that we need. Jesus is all that is profitable.
Look at Jesus. You must find him. You must seek him, and in so doing, you will find him.
Get in the word, Brandon—just go off the internet, whatever.
You've got to have him for yourself. That's what I'm telling you. There are hard days coming, folks.
But if you stay by his side, you're not going to be shaken by all of it.
Don't go horizontal. There's going to be a lot of stuff on the news. Go vertical. Look to Jesus.
There's a great distraction coming, but it's all about a shaking to awaken the bride.
All the people... Thailand is going to have a major earthquake.
I saw Nepal. I'm talking a major earthquake. Nepal, China—and it would be a sign, the Lord said.
And I saw Vietnam. I saw all these places shaking with weather warfare—floods, major floods.
It was serious stuff tonight. I saw Italy split, man. I saw Italy split in two.
It was complete devastation. I saw people dead everywhere.
It looked like white body bags everywhere. I saw rubble and rock. It was literal. It looked like something out of a bad movie.
There were white bags of people dead everywhere, all over the street, laying there waiting to be picked up because there were so many of them being pulled out of the rubble.
Volcanoes—it was terrible, love. I see these things and I have to put them on a shelf because it's heavy.
I saw it clearly. I saw Japan split in half. I saw Japan shaking with such a big earthquake that it was split in half.
I'm talking about water falling through; a major, major earthquake.
And then I saw New Madrid. I saw New Madrid with an 8.4. That's right by Tennessee and Kentucky.
Right in that area, I saw a major earthquake: 8.4. Tennessee, Kentucky, Missouri—a massive earthquake.
For us, that's massive. It was felt clearly in Oklahoma. A great earthquake in Japan that will split the land.
That's what he said. I'm tired now; it pulls a lot out of me. It started out slow, but that's why he said, 'Go back, folks, off the highway, riding in the land with him.
Go and enjoy the Father.'You must not be at such a high pace. Find him in the still, small voice.
Be still and know that he is God. Ladies and gentlemen, you must find that quiet place inside of you.
He is not in the static. He's in that still, small voice inside of you.
That's what I'll leave you with. You must find him inside of you.
The still, small voice. Be still and know that he is God. Don't be loud.
He's not in the loudness. He's not in the craziness. He's in the still, small voice. Jesus loves you and he gave his life for you.
And if you're here tonight and you've never had a relationship with Jesus—maybe you say, 'Well, I knew about him, maybe I used to walk with him,'but you've lost that first love.
You've gone away from the Father. And tonight you're here and you're like, 'Brandon, that was way over the chart.
I don't understand all that you said, but I'm so hungry and I'm stirred, and I want to come back to the Father tonight.'If tonight you're here and you've walked away from the Father, he's never walked away from you.
But you used to be on fire for him. You used to be excited about being a Christian.
You used to be totally sold out, but because of the pressures of the world, peer pressure, and all these things, you've turned your back on the Father.
But tonight's your opportunity to come back. Like the prodigal son, he came to himself and he realized, 'Hey, I can go back home.
I'll be a servant in my Father's house.'But guess what? The Father was waiting with that robe and killed the fatted calf.
Let's have a celebration. But that's the way our Father is to you.
Tonight I want to ask you: Do you know Jesus? For the second part: Do you know Jesus?
Does He know you? Is your name written in that Lamb's Book of Life?
Ladies and gentlemen, there's a heaven to gain and a hell to shun.
Tonight could be your last night on the earth. You could die tonight.
Where will you spend eternity? If you were to die tonight, where would you spend eternity?
There are many people, as we heard tonight from the Father, that hard days are coming—a great shaking to awaken all these major things.
2026, 2027—He's talking about 2028. What I'm trying to tell you is you're running out of time.
You don't know what that area where you live—whatever, wherever you live—a major shaking, whatever happens.
All I know is it's appointed unto man once to die, and after that the judgment.
And if you're here right now and you feel that stirring inside of you—come here, maybe just to mock—but you feel right now there's something to what He's saying.
And you may be here going, 'Oh, that guy's crazy.'But I'm trying to tell you, you're running out of time.
And maybe you've come to yourself tonight and you're saying, 'Hey, I want to get Jesus. I want Jesus Christ.
I want to ask Him to be my Lord and personal Savior.'I want to lead you in a simple prayer. I want to lead you in that prayer right now.
And if you're willing and you want to come to the Father tonight, He's knocking on the door of your heart. I want you to come boldly. Jesus died for you publicly.
I want you to make a public declaration to Him and tell in the comment section right now, 'I need to be saved. Tonight's my night.
I want to accept Jesus Christ and I want to turn from my sins.'You may not have an opportunity again to do this.
The very shoes you put on today to go to work, the undertaker might be taking them off that night. You need to know this. You're playing with fire.
But today and right now is your opportunity to accept Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior.
So, I'm going to say this prayer, and I want you to say it with your whole heart.
The Bible says, 'With the heart, confession is made unto salvation.'And I believe as you confess Jesus, you'll be saved.
So, I'm going to say it right now. Say: 'Jesus, I believe You're the Son of God.
I believe that You died for me and You rose again on the third day.
Jesus, I'm a sinner and I need a Savior. Jesus, I ask You right now to forgive me of my sins.
I ask You to wash me and make me new. I turn my back on the world. I turn my back on the devil.
I turn my back on sin and from this day forward, Lord, I serve You.
I dedicate my life to You. I ask You, God, to forgive me. I ask You to make me new.
Write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life. I thank You, Lord, that from this day forward I serve You with all I have.
Thank you for writing my name in that book. Thank you, Lord, that You forgave me.
And thank you that today You say You make all things new. Forgive me, Father.
Amen and amen.'I believe if you just said that prayer right now, you have just become born again.
I believe it's the best decision you could ever make. All heaven is rejoicing with us as you've just said that prayer.
If you're here tonight and you said it, what do you do next? You find a Bible-believing church.
I'd say non-denominational is where we would go. Find a Bible-believing church.
Get plugged in there. Read your Bible every day and pray. Get involved in that church.
Tell the pastor of that church that you go to; say, 'I need to be water-baptized.'Get water-baptized.
Get in that church. Plug yourself in and come and pray with us all the time.
And I believe that's the Christian life. You witness and tell people about what you did.
And if you fall down and you skin your knee again and you fall down in sin, run to God when you sin.
You don't run away from Him. And I believe your sin now is none of the devil's business.
You go, 'Hey, Father, I messed up. I need help.'And He is an ever-present help in a time of need.
All glory to Jesus. Now, we would love to buy you your first Bible.
We want to buy it for you. We want to celebrate your decision tonight.
All 32 of you gave your heart to Jesus Christ. Welcome to the family. We love it that you got saved.
All 32 of you—all your rededications and 32 of you that said, 'Hey, we're selling out to Jesus.'My wife will tell you how to get your Bible.
If you just said that beautiful prayer with us, if you go down to the description, you'll find our email address.
And if you just put in the title 'I need a Bible'and then put your name and your address in the description of the email, we will get a Bible to you.
And we rejoice with you in this decision—the best decision you'll ever make in your life.
I know all of heaven is rejoicing with us. Yeah, it's exciting.
And I want to tell you: Welcome. Welcome. We're excited you're here.
Thank you for joining us tonight. And so, all 32 of you, welcome to the family.
You know, when the Lord gives words like this, He's speaking it. It shook me tonight—the way He was talking.
I hope this is sobering for a lot of you of where we are in the end times.
It's not church as usual; it's church unusual, folks. And it's time to really wake up.
He said even if you go back to what He said, you won't be able to do church like you used to.
You're going to have to do things different. We've got to pray into that.
You're going to have to think of different ways. The way you used to do ministry will be no more.
And He's saying, 'Be led by My Spirit and we'll catch many fish.'The revival is nothing like we've ever seen before.
For one, and the shaking to awaken with this plague. And He was talking about the money.
Did you hear that part? Oh, you can't want to touch it anymore.
I've seen those people; I saw them in Europe and they were telling people you can't have it.
The virus is on the money. Everything's going to go to digital ID.
They're going to... and all this stuff is going to come on like a freight train.
There was so much to that. The black swan events. You're going to have to have notes on that.
We're going to have to go over that for our next video. There's so much because I was in such deep travail over that for what I was seeing.
It was just coming out of me. So, she has a lot of notes, too. I'm just tired, baby.
I push really hard. I've got to have something to drink and eat here, and I'm going to take a break.
That was way over the top. I'm glorying to God, though. That was fun.
Did you all have fun tonight? It's always an adventure with the Holy Spirit.
Isn't He wonderful? A crackdown on liberty and privacy. They will use this as leverage in black swan events.
Social ID is being brought forth in Australia, like the NSA of Australia.
Facial recognition. Losing privacy. What is the NSA? National Security Agency.
It's over America. That's our NSA. So they look at our computer stuff, right?
Yeah. So it's the NSA of Australia already looking. They'll make it more public.
He said, 'Watch this in Canada.'The doors will close in Toronto, and major events are fixing to take place there.
An event in Toronto is shaking. You saw Australia, England, France, Italy, and Ireland.
Social credit scores will be implemented like they did in China.
They said events will pull away freedoms. 2026 will be the year of events, as will 2027.
It was bringing people in to bring stability through digital ID, and they'll say this is just the way it has to go for your safety.
It's for the safety of the people. They are controlling the banking system through CBDC.
They'll say cash is trash—, Chase, and Wells Fargo—a decay of the system.
There were pillars of structure on those buildings that had so much rust and decay at the bottom of the foundation that the buildings were ready to go.
The old way is gone; a new way is here. A rusted foundation is ahead of us.
You saw the King of England; they'll have to embrace it. A virus on the ground.
He said the old way is done, and they're going to make you go out with the old and in with the new.
That title will be in the news, the New York Times, and on the headlines of the newspapers. The banks will embrace it.
Regarding the UFC, he said it will be drug cartels because they couldn't use cash, so it will be done away with.
There will be so many crooked politicians and crooked people trying to push this away because they like money laundering.
They'll push against the CBDC and the digital because they like the cartel and sex trafficking through cash.
But they'll find another way to bring laws and stability to the land to try to finagle crypto.
They were trying to figure out how to still smuggle drugs and sex trafficking through digital. This will concern taxes from the IRS too.
Nobody will be cheating on their taxes; there's nowhere to run, nowhere to hide because it's all digital.
Starting in Canada, it will roll out. You saw the Olympics, the dragon, and CERN. You must look at this today: body, prey, great war, storm.
He saw war brewing in Africa—not just Africa, but Egypt and the Middle East, including Saudi Arabia, Israel, and Jordan.
That area next to Cairo, Egypt, looks like Africa. I didn't realize Egypt touched Israel, but it's that corner, a regrouping.
I saw a major uprising and war. He talked about a regrouping with the President of Syria and the Brotherhood.
He said, 'Hold fast to that which you see. Hold fast, church.'A greater earthquake you will see in India.
It will shake this nation and bring them to their knees. Rome will shake, affecting multitudes of souls. So many volcanoes are going; the ground is split wide open.
I heard the angels saying, 'Woe, woe, woe.'The angels were crying out because of what was going on: 'Woe to the inhabitants of the earth.'It will shake Nepal.
He's calling out for souls, and temples will be shaken. Don't lose your focus as you see these things approaching.
Keep your eyes and face turned toward me. You must come to me every morning and all day.
The New Madrid earthquakes will be a sign in Missouri and Kentucky; you saw the 8.4.
It's a shaking to awaken. I'm bringing people back to the heartland, like Oklahoma.
He's shaking to awaken; I'm bringing many people to the heartland. He spoke about weather warfare.
I saw major weather warfare, and he said they will lose control of the weather, leading to major floods and disasters.
It will be over Taiwan and those areas. To control is to lose control in the days ahead.
You play with something and you'll be dead because they're trying to manipulate the weather.
China was trying to mess with the weather in Taiwan and Thailand. Explain to me, is that HAARP?
I don't know how they're going to do it, but I saw major rain and devastation.
He said, 'Be watching the news. You heard it from me first to draw you close.
You must come close and walk by my side. I'll show you the things to come.
You've got to find me for yourself. Come up higher; it's time for you to walk with fire.
I have all that you need. You don't need another Moses; I have provided all you need to come close.
It's time for you to come up high. A great shaking is all around you by design.
Don't lose your focus; listen closely to the still, small voice.
Get off the highway so you're going to know me.'The year of great shaking and change in the heavens, earth, politics, church, and finances.
Ride the wave. Row your boat. Hold fast, church. It will be hard for some, and many will die.
A microwave will feel like shaking, and it's there to save your soul.
Shaking in the ministries: the way you used to do ministry will be no more. Be led by my spirit and you will catch many fish.
Hard days are coming, so you'd better hold my hand and remain sober for all that you see.
Time is running out. That was it. It's hard, but it's what the Father said.
I didn't know if you wanted me to read that. No, it's good; I'm glad you did.
They have it on record now. And he saw the Empire State Building.
That's it. He was talking about that guy shaking, and he's upset. Decisions have been made. That's what he said.
He was talking about the mayor and said decisions have been made—the Valley of Decision.
He was talking about the mayor in New York, and then he was talking about California.
He said the decision had been made, and he was upset about the guy.
That's how it all started. And I saw the Empire State Building.
He's not happy about the mayor in New York; he is not happy about that.
And I'm telling you, I don't know when he's sworn in, but oh my gosh. So, having questions is good.
They asked, "Did you see Spain or something like that?"I don't remember if I saw Spain.
Honey, it was coming so fast; I felt like I was on a waterfall.
I had to go over it in my prayer time by myself and just ask the Father what other details I can talk about.
But it's pretty over the top. Well, we love you all. Thank you for joining us tonight.
It's a pretty long video, but I believe you can fast forward or whatever you've got to do.
All 6,800 of you. Wow, that's a lot. Are y'all still here? Does that mean many people are still here?
No, 6,000. Well, 6,000 of you. God bless you all. Thank you for joining us tonight.
Remember, we love you. Jesus loves you. Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart, and we'll see you again tomorrow. Bye-bye.